and now to Las Vegas where the Specialty
Equipment Market Association also known
as SEMA held its convention now and I
found sexy with FEMA is a 30 1 billion
dollar business athletes and
entertainers flock to sin city this week
check out the latest tricked-out cars
from places like dub in American Racing
wheels cars and celebs filled more than
1 million square feet of the las vegas
convention center this week for the
annual SEMA show where the hottest
gadgets the automobile industry has to
offer took center stage the crowd that
came to see the tricked-out cars
included carmen electra and Tyson
Beckford as well as Yankees slugger Gary
Sheffield and he wasn't the only Bronx
Bomber to make it to sin city for the
event newly-signed reebok pitchman in
Las Vegas resident Jason Giambi joined
chef and Robinson Cano on the diamond
for a celebrity softball game thrown by
two of the leaders in car pimping unique
Autosports and west coast customs Giambi
is a huge car buff who loves making it
to SEMA it's an unbelievable experience
where you send it in and I mean they'll
do whatever you want you know from the
seats you know to the radio to the
system in the back to DVD it's
unbelievable these days what they put in
cars my favorite car lined up on my old
cars huh you know I got a 69 Mustang I'm
looking again to 69 Camaro you know get
some muscle cars you know have a corsa
ferrari and I'm ragini they're fun to
drive but the old muscle cars are fun
also making his way to both the show and
the field was Busta Rhymes movie party
while he played the master of ceremonies
at the game he was simply an odd
spectator at the convention center
coming to at this time of being able to
see firsthand you know what the SEMA is
really all about I might need to make
sure that I make a couple of moves fast
enough so that I could have me something
to promote in the car industry level so
that I could give me a nice boo from B
major and the presence that I'm making
in a statement that I make it to see my
next year they'll need me don't leave me
yet meanwhile at the game the nice place
by the Yankees were expected but the
play of model vida guerra wasn't the
winner of FHM's best bottom contest made
no buts about it she can compete
she thinks girls will always be behind
guys when it comes to the infatuation of
car shows it's just something good I
mean it's mostly for guys though let me
just put rims and tint on my car is okay
with me so it's fun to go to see all the
new products that are coming out you
know over the year and I don't see you
can put a few things in your car there's
some sweet rides there now the
convention ends today and the next time
you see some of those cars might be in
the parking lot at Yankee Stadium or the
cover of dub magazine now to our weekly
survivor breakdown former